even though things like outside of our
team house were insane our fans were
like looking to crush us are the critics
or at our throats but inside like those
10 men like they never gave up they're
always working hard reapered always
thought like more in them what's the end
of week 9 of na LCS while we're ahead in
the tiebreakers but I'm joined right now
by Jack with coverage presented by Omni
slash talked a little bit about how c9
summer split has been what is this foot
button like for you because I think for
c9 fans it's maybe been the craziest
most unusual split I imagine for you
it's been exhausting after all these
years of doing this to sort of have this
one pop-up yeah it's um if you look at
it it's almost like the reverse in a way
of last split where last split we came
on really strong and a lot in the final
weeks we actually fell apart and if you
actually think about it like the
beginning of the split was just a kind
of continuation of that slump and us
rebuilding so we saw that we could get
to where we are now like weeks and weeks
ago but it just took a while for us to
really perfect what we're working on and
actually figure out how to do and
late-game correctly yeah well with
what's interesting to me is you were
very when I interviewed you during the
beginning of the split you were very
much like look these are the decisions
we had to make consider you got flame
for quite some time did you know the
entire time that like well we're gonna
get second place at the end of this so
it's all gonna work out cuz now it looks
like the master plan came to fruition
but I don't know if that was what it was
like for you I was on thinking we're
gonna get second at all no I but I did
think that we were gonna qualify for
playoffs and like YK as long as we
scrape in at a sixth we're gonna do
really well because I knew we hit the
core of what we've been working on was
looking very good and we just needed to
show it on stage and if we could show up
by playoffs then hey we you know the
sky's the limit coming in that second
was it was amazing and I did not expect
that yeah yeah I mean what how much what
was the mix and bringing you the success
was it reapered was that the roster was
it the decisions you allowed to have it
because it's again as you said it's kind
of a crazy story to have c9 ends this
way at the end so what do you think
really brought you here um it was a
collection of all those things good
coaching like decisions by both reapered
and our Academy coaches and our
assistant coach managers like supporting
those decisions in players embracing
those decisions because the players are
just like no we just refused to listen
no what you're what you're trying to
push it would have fallen apart but the
players they all listened to what was
going on and worked very hard to get
where they are and it was all ten
players I think you there was a another
interview earlier today we're sneaky and
Jessen said it was a ten player effort
it really was I can't be more grateful
and proud of the guys to not give up to
continue trying hard and like even
though things like outside of our team
house were insane our fans were like
looking to crush us are the critics or
at our throats but inside like those ten
men like they never gave up they're
always working hard reapered always
solved like more in them and because of
that that's where we are today is that
for its of all those people yeah I
interviewed sneaky yesterday because I
there was a point in time I know if I
said this publicly or just privately
that I was speculating like man I wonder
if this long-standing relationship
between Cena and the organization and
players like sneaky and Jensen is is not
in a great place anymore because of sort
of how everything looked at the
beginning of the split Stevie says that
everything seems to be pretty good from
your perspective it seems that way to
those guys those guys are our backbone
you know and I'm super proud they date
they I used to saw like the the the day
that Jensen was benched like he put in
more time to still acute than anyone
else on the team and it's not it's not
stopped he's still crushing it these
guys you know it was never an issue if
I'm ever giving up or not believing in
cloud nine they kept pushing and we
always believed in that we knew like
Reaper had said even though when he was
benching those players we always
identify that we need those guys to be
to be in good condition for us to be
here for us to be able to participate
well here and potentially
internationally so
you know that came through as we needed
them to c9i I joked earlier in an
interview that it felt like during the
split especially in the beginning you
guys were playing like the slot machine
to see who would be on the roster each
week like oh it's this one oh it's this
one
what and I think compared to a lot of
the teams especially those that maybe
finished
towards the bottom I was talking to Nick
earlier about CLG the change that they
made was Toni two weeks out from the end
right were you what what inspired you to
allow such change to take place on the
roster and sort of embrace like the
wonky try a bunch of different things
out style in the beginning I know it
probably seemed wonky to the fans who
have no access to our scrims but those
decisions are based on on a lot of
results that we saw internally and I
completely trust reapered when he told
me that hey the current team and it's in
the iteration that we have is not gonna
make it to playoffs are you willing to
do what it's going to take to get us to
be like a contender and I told him yes
and I said yeah we need to bench these
guys like whoa that's that's something
but I believe in you let's do it and and
you know the guy's a genius and I'm I'm
glad that I had the faith in him to make
it happen with up until maybe your
victory against Team Liquid and
especially after this weekend I had
heard a lot of people shift their
narrative from Oh Team Liquid is number
one Oh team like would really got
together like there they're definitely
the Finals favorite too now people are
starting to say like wow c9 like they
just look in really good shape
potentially a team that is maybe best in
the league right now how confident do
you feel on this and do you think
there's a chance that you guys are the
best right now Team Liquid is that a
fantastic team the way like with
all-star veterans so you can never count
them out and TSM like we'll see what
happens today but they're terrifying
they're really good as well if they make
it into playoffs they're gonna be like
one of the biggest threats out there as
well
echo fox really can be strong so right
now like it
we're in a great place I'm really
confident in our guys but we have big
challenges ahead of us it's not gonna be
a walk in the park we're gonna have to
come and strong yeah and then finally
you know same time around this year I
always have the conversation about na at
Worlds I will say the vast majority this
split I was kind of sitting there
scratching my head but it does feel like
we're getting some pretty strong teams
that are forging themselves in the fires
of insanity which was displayed what do
you think of a nice chances at Worlds
and NFC nine makes it are you guys gonna
be able to be a contender if we can make
it will definitely be a contender and I
believe in a lot of the other squads
that are here in LA as well so whether
we're they're not I think we're gonna
we're gonna have a good showing
but if cloud 9 makes that guarantee we
are we're gonna have a good good showing
and we're gonna work our ass off and
then and then final question I've
noticed you've had a lot of success
across a lot of your franchises this
year what are you doing behind the
scenes like what chemicals are you
injecting into your players what crazy
thing I mean it's just interesting to
see success across so many different
parts of the organization and quite
frankly I from I know the organization's
pretty big it's not like you've got one
person that's like overseeing it's just
a lot of different people so what do you
think it is that's lining all this ups
for you I think
cloud9 has a really good culture set up
for building strong teams and for
developing young talent and that culture
is spread across the managers that we've
hired and they kind of understand our
system of how we work with players and
how we work with management and that's
developed this culture that's very
successful so you know you can have like
any team that ends up winning a split
any time thank you
sometimes the team just has the magic
but the fact that we've been able to to
rebuild and find success over and over
again really really makes me feel like
we're onto something with our company
culture we're good anything that you
would say to any of the fans especially
I mean I I tweeted this out yesterday
the we demand answers jack and now you
know there's a lot of people out there
who are I guess getting their answers
yeah
you know I I know it's always a vocal
minority that puts out a lot of the hate
that you see like on social media and so
I never actually held it
to cloud9 fans I knew they always had
our back and they just were kind of
watching to see what happens but they
still supported us so and I'm hoping
that some of those like vocal minority
fans did hate us like they'll feel a
little less inclined to hate us so
quickly in the future but to the fans I
always had her back thank you that was
awesome
well thank you so much for the interview
congratulations on on securing second
place in some ways feels more more of an
achievement than securing first give
it's a little crazy world we were in in
the beginning so congrats again looking
forward to seeing how the team does in
playoffs and for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things he sports right here on my
youtube channel I hope you enjoyed that
interview I certainly did I I'm actually
gonna rewatch it several several several
times after this anyway my point is I
want to say thanks to all me slash for
supporting this content and also want to
mention something to you if you're
running adblock on this YouTube channel
right now that's sad but I've got away
at what she did make me happy if you
have Amazon Prime you can get twitch
Prime you just link your Amazon primary
twitch account you can link click the
the twitch link in the YouTube
description and give me your FREE
Twitter Prime that's actually kind of
cool anyway thanks again omni slash
thanks for watching that's it